// LOCALHOST
### Get all characters
GET http://localhost:3000/characters


### Get character by id
GET http://localhost:3000/characters/679533be21e5822549b2a23a


### Create character
POST http://localhost:3000/characters HTTP/1.1
content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "Lyria Starfall",
  "race": "Aasimar",
  "class": "Paladin",
  "appearance": "Radiant and ethereal, with golden skin and shimmering silver hair that flows like moonlight. Her eyes glow faintly with a celestial light, and she wears gleaming plate armor etched with holy symbols. Her longsword has a blade that glows softly in the dark.",
  "originStory": "Born under a rare celestial alignment, Lyria was marked as a chosen of the gods. Raised in a monastery, she was trained to embody divine justice. When her homeland was invaded by a demonic horde, she swore an oath to vanquish all evil.",
  "goals": "To rid the world of demonic corruption and to uncover the mystery of her celestial lineage.",
  "personalityTraits": "Noble, compassionate, and unyielding in her pursuit of justice. She inspires others with her presence and unwavering conviction.",
  "weaknesses": "Struggles with doubt when her moral compass is tested. Her high expectations for herself and others can lead to isolation."
}


### PUT character
PUT http://localhost:3000/characters/679533ad21e5822549b2a23d HTTP/1.1
content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "Nimra Quickstep",
  "race": "Halfling",
  "class": "Bard",
  "appearance": "Small and sprightly, with curly auburn hair and bright hazel eyes that twinkle with mischief. She wears colorful patchwork clothes adorned with bells and feathers, and her lute is covered in carvings of stories and symbols.",
  "originStory": "Born into a traveling troupe of performers, Nimra grew up learning stories and songs from every corner of the world. When her troupe was ambushed by bandits, she swore to use her music to inspire hope and courage wherever she goes.",
  "goals": "To collect and preserve forgotten stories and bring joy to those in need. She also dreams of writing a ballad that will be sung for centuries.",
  "personalityTraits": "Optimistic, witty, and always ready with a joke or a song. She has a knack for lifting spirits, even in the darkest times.",
  "weaknesses": "Overconfident in her charm, which can lead her into trouble. Her carefree nature sometimes makes her underestimate danger."
}

### DELETE character
DELETE http://localhost:3000/characters/679533ad21e5822549b2a23d HTTP/1.1


### Get all histories
GET http://localhost:3000/histories


### Get character by id
GET http://localhost:3000/histories/679e3e4f4fbb6fa69cd873e2


### Create character
POST http://localhost:3000/histories HTTP/1.1
content-type: application/json

{
  "title": "Echoes of the Forgotten",
  "intro": "Deep within the ruins of an ancient empire, a strange phenomenon is occurring—shadows move on their own, and forgotten voices whisper in the wind.",
  "description": "The players, explorers, mercenaries, or exiles, are drawn to the ruins after a royal decree offers a great reward for anyone who can uncover the truth behind the eerie disturbances.",
  "world_description": "The world of Myrthas is a land of lost civilizations and lingering magic. Ruins of once-great cities hide secrets that could alter the course of history, but the deeper one delves, the more dangerous the journey becomes.",
  "challenge": "As they piece together the forgotten past, the players will face a terrible choice—seal away a truth that could shake the foundations of the world or risk unleashing something beyond comprehension."
}

### PUT character
PUT http://localhost:3000/histories/679e413a63cbc2f9922f143e HTTP/1.1
content-type: application/json

{
  "title": "Iron and Ash",
  "intro": "The age of war has ended, but peace remains fragile. In the city of Redspire, tensions simmer as noble houses, criminal syndicates, and rogue warlords vie for control of the crumbling empire’s remains.",
  "description": "The players, each with their own pasts and allegiances, find themselves caught in the web of intrigue and bloodshed, forced to choose between loyalty, survival, or their own ambitions.",
  "world_description": "Redspire is a city of towering spires and shadowed alleys, where steam-powered machines clash with old magic, and the line between hero and villain is razor-thin.",
  "challenge": "To survive in this dangerous world, the players must outthink their enemies, forge uneasy alliances, and ultimately decide the fate of a kingdom on the brink of rebirth or ruin."
}

### DELETE character
DELETE http://localhost:3000/histories/679e413a63cbc2f9922f143e HTTP/1.1